procedures: accessing private Git repos (#2242)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/applying-the-bitbucket-application-link-secret.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:description: Applying the Bitbucket application link Secret
:keywords: applying-bitbucket, apply-the-bitbucket, apply-bitbucket, apply-secret, applying-secret, apply-a-secret, applying-a-secret, bitbucket, bitbucket-application, bitbucket-app, bitbucket-application-link, bitbucket-app-link, bitbucket-secret, secret
:navtitle: Applying the Bitbucket application link Secret
// :page-aliases:

[id="applying-the-bitbucket-application-link-secret_{context}"]
= Applying the Bitbucket application link Secret

Enable the users of your {prod-short} instance to access a private Git repository that is hosted using Bitbucket:

.Prerequisites
* The repository owner has xref:user-guide:setting-up-the-bitbucket-application-link.adoc[set up the Bitbucket application link].

> * The repository owner has given you the (1) *privatepkcs8-stripped.pem* file and (2) *bitbucket_consumer_key* file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The repository owner has provided the (1) *privatepkcs8-stripped.pem* file and (2) *bitbucket_consumer_key* file.
```

> * The repository owner has given you the (1) *privatepkcs8-stripped.pem* file and (2) *bitbucket_consumer_key* file.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't necessarily have to be done by the private repository's owner, its more typical for an admin to set up the application link (same goes for GitHub Oauth app and Gitlab application ID), so I suggest we rephrase this part

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like:
```
* The xref:user-guide:setting-up-the-bitbucket-application-link.adoc[Bitbucket application link] has been set up.
```

or something similar to that?

Author: Yes, I'm completely rewriting all the prerequisites in this PR, and I'm moving the files from the UG to the AG.

* `{orch-cli}` is installed in the operating system you are using.
////
{orch-cli}=oc
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html#installing-openshift-cli
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-linux/
////

.Procedure

. Prepare the secret as follows:
+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,+attributes,+macros"]
----
kind: Secret
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: bitbucket-oauth-config
  namespace: {prod-namespace} <1>
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/component: oauth-scm-configuration
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: che.eclipse.org
  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/oauth-scm-server: bitbucket
    che.eclipse.org/scm-server-endpoint: __<bitbucket_server_url>__ <2>
type: Opaque
data:
  private.key: __<base64_content_of_privatepkcs8-stripped.pem>__ <3>

>   consumer.key: __<base64_content_of_bitbucket_server_consumer_key>__ <4>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  consumer.key: __<base64_content_of_bitbucket_server_consumer_key>__ <4>
  shared_secret: __<base64_content_of_bitbucket-shared-secret>__ <5>
```

To match: https://github.com/eclipse-che/blog/blob/95b152e3e7c0434b72bf4d5bf511e081b81d788c/_posts/2022-XX-XX-configuring-git-repositories.adoc#bitbucket

Author: Thank you. I'm reading Pavol's comment regarding this https://github.com/eclipse-che/blog/pull/24/files#r836228611
